doc: west: Clarify basic west terms (#74962)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/develop/west/basics.rst

This page introduces west's basic concepts and provides references to further
reading.

West's built-in commands allow you to work with :term:`projects <west project>`
(Git repositories) under a common :term:`workspace <west workspace>` directory.

West works in the following manner: the ``west init`` command creates the
:term:`west workspace`, and clones the :term:`manifest repo <west manifest

> repository>`, while the ``west update`` command clones or updates the

Reviewer: not sure this is better: 

```suggestion
repository>`, while the ``west update`` command initially clones, and later updates, the
```

> :term:`projects <west project>` in the workspace.

Reviewer: might not hurt to be extra descriptive here:

```suggestion
:term:`projects <west project>` listed in the manifest in the workspace.
```

Example workspace
*****************

If you've followed the :ref:`getting_started`, your local
:term:`west workspace`, which in this case is the folder named
:file:`zephyrproject` as well as all its subfolders, looks like this:

> 

Reviewer: Just noticed that "net-tools" is misplaced in the snippet below. The whole folder example might be worth checking and cleaning up in a follow up PR to make sure it's somewhat aligned with how a current Zephyr workspace looks like

Author: Yes, will do.
